The main mechanics:

Walking around with a flashlight
Not being able to see behind you without turning around

Ideas:

Different flashlight lenses
Ghosts you can only see with your flashlight, but then the flashlight stops working for a bit as soon as you shine it on them
Spotting certain clues in blacklight, spotting other clues in regular light, spotting some things only with your light turned off
Maybe a red light as well

Changes to try:

Taller vertical resolution so you can't cover the whole area easily with your light
Darker canvas modulation (pitch black?)

More mechanics needed:

Interacting with stuff!

Story thoughts:

- Why are you exploring somewhere spooky in the dark?
- What is this place?
- What danger is there?
- What will you have to accomplish?
- What will you have to do to survive?
- What obstacles are in your way?
- What themes are we exploring?


You are Randall Waters. You are going to your ex-wife's new place to pick up your daughter Angela. En route you have a near miss with a red sports car (add an intentional continuity error here wrt the time of day or something?).

You get to the house -- a big mansion, and ring the bell. Angela comes running out, followed by your ex, Carla. She's not super happy to see you. She reminds Angela to go get something out of the house, so Angela runs back inside.

She doesn't come back out.

Eventually Carla goes back in to look for her. She doesn't return either.

Finally, you need to go in after them. This is where the actual game starts, with a little puzzle to find the spare key and get inside.

the BIG TWIST:

Your wife and daughter are dead. They have been dead for some time. On a road trip some years ago, you were run off the road by the very same sports car seen in the introduction, and your family did not survive. Now, out of your mind with grief, you have wound up at the house owned by the driver of the other car. In a sort of fugue state, you refused to accept the deaths of your wife and daughter, and instead rewrote the events in your memory.

During the opening scene there should be some stuff on the radio that Randall subconsciously picks up on. This can be used to create spooky stuff that happens in the house. Maybe a murderer on the loose who has been breaking into houses and hiding inside?

Maybe you're actually that murderer?

Act 1:

Scene 1: On the road
- Riding down highway, listening to the radio
- Maybe a little driving minigame where you can change lanes?
- The near miss with the sports car (QTE?)

Scene 2: Change the tire
- Basic interaction tutorial, including getting the trunk open, getting the spare tire and the jack, etc. etc.

Scene 3: Back on the road
- More uneventful driving with some news on the radio

Scene 4: Arrival
- Pull up at the house at dusk
- Ring the bell, talk with Angela and Carla, dialogue tutorial

Scene 5: Breaking in
- Next interaction sequence where you have to find the spare key and use it to get inside

Act 2:

Scene 1: Searching the first floor

Secne 2: First ghost encounter

Scene 3: Searching the second floor, thunderstorm starts

Scene 4: Power outage

Scene 5: Trying to restore power in the basement

Scene 6: Second ghost encounter

Scene 7: The front door is open
