Phase 1: Carla and Angela have been gone a while. Get into the house and see what's up

    How do you get inside the house? You need a key.
    How do you get a key? There's one in an emergency access box.
    How do you get it out of the box? There's a combination lock.
    How do you learn the combination? It's the street address of the house.
    
Phase 2: The house is strange and unfamiliar. Search for Carla and Angela.

    On the first floor, the entryway, kitchen, and living room are accessible.
    On the second floor, the hallway lights are on, but the lights in the bedroom are out, making it impossible to see.
    You try the light switches but they don't work
    It starts raining
    You go get lightbulbs from the kitchen, and come back
    When you get back, the lights are already working. Mysterious.
    You search the bedrooms for clues, but then lights in the hallway start going on and off, approaching you (ghost approaching)
    To get back downstairs, you have to stun it by turning off the hallway lights, then turning them on right when the ghost is near one

Phase 3: The power goes out, and a scream from the attic. Get the power back on and make it up there.

    You'll need a flashlight. There's one in the kitchen.
    You'll also need the key to the basement. That's in the laundry room off the kitchen.
    You make your way down there and reset the breakers to get the power back on.
    You make your way back up, only now there are more wandering ghosts. You can use your light to briefly stun them to make it by.
    You also need to get into the garage to get a stepladder in order to make it into the attic.
    
Phase 4: The attic is empty, but when you're up there, the power goes out again. 
    
    You have to fend off ghosts by turning quickly back and forth to make them back off.
    If you look out the window at the beginning and the end of the scene, you'll notice that a car has pulled up while you were busy.
    As you make your way down, someone thumps you on the back of your head and knocks you out.

Epilogue
